docs: add encoded password parameter (#2215)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/integrations/byoos.md

| `pack:content:`                       | Specifies the content of the **BYOS Edge OS** pack.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | map    |
| `pack.content.images`                 | Specifies a list of OS images to use with the pack.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | list   |
| `pack.content.images.image`           | An OS image to use with the pack.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | string |

> | `system.uri`                          | The system URI specifies the location of BYOOS image.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `system.uri`                          | Specifies the location of BYOOS image.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | string |
```

Reviewer: For consistency :)

| `providerCredentials.username`        | Specifies the username used for authentication with a private registry.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | string |
| `providerCredentials.password`        | Specifies the password used for authentication with a private registry.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | string |
| `providerCredentials.certificate`     | Specifies the X509 certificate used for authentication and encryption with a private registry                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | string |

> | `providerCredentials.encodedPassword` | Specifies whether the password as given is base64 encoded.`true` means that the provided password is base64 encoded and that when using the password to authenticate, the password must be decoded first. `false` means the password is not encoded and must be used as is to authenticate with the registry. Default is `false`. | bool   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `providerCredentials.encodedPassword` | Specifies whether the password is base64 encoded. `true` means that the password is base64 encoded and that, when using the password to authenticate, it must be decoded first. `false` means the password is not encoded and must be used as is to authenticate with the registry. Default is `false`. | bool   |
```
